
Speaker 1  (00:00)
So I started the recording. Ah, and first I'm going to ask you some general questions. Today is all about um game directing, so running a game and at a table so first I would like to ask you. 

Speaker 1  (00:15)
I'd probably - bless you - I probably already know the answer to this, but um, have you ever directed a game? Would be great if you speak up a little bit because so I can transcribe you easier later. 

Speaker 2  (00:31)
No I have have never directed a game like this. 

Speaker 1  (00:35)
You either. Why not? 

Speaker 3  (00:39)
I've never had the chance to really and to be fair it seems rather complicated and like you have to put a lot of work into it and especially if I don't have a lot of like people that I want to play a game with it just doesn't seem worth it and as I said, I have no experience so I feel like I would do a lot of things wrong with the first time and probably just mess up a lot of things. 

Speaker 1  (01:07)
Okay, how about you? 

Speaker 2  (01:11)
Yeah, lot of similar reasons but I have to add, I just remembered playing Werewolf, there is always a game director but there are so many other people who like it to do when I pay with them so I let them do it. 

Speaker 1  (01:29)
Okay have you ever directed a Werewolf game? 

Speaker 3  (01:31)
Yes, but um, i was always fascinated with people that could like really make up stories and really tell it all like so beautifully. I just wasn't able to and I just felt like yeah, I can direct it, but it's not that good and I just felt bad. 

Speaker 1  (01:48)
Okay. Yeah, yeah, I understand that so um, but in general, would you would you like to run like a game of table top RPGs? Maybe this World of Discordia or any other system would you like to just 

Speaker 2  (02:05)
I could imagine but I would like to play it a few times for myself before I help others playing cause I think it would be better to can do it quite good before I help other. 

Speaker 3  (02:20)
Yeah, I agree with that, I would like to try it out but I just need to have a better concept of all the rules and what I have to know about everything and yeah, now I'm just focused on my own role and later we'll see. 

Speaker 1  (02:32)
Alright um, so if you did do your own um game, would you rather have like a premade adventure like a little book where the story is in that you can use for your game, or would you rather write your own adventure? 

Speaker 3  (02:51)
I feel like some kind of adventure would be a good help for starters, but I also feel like it would limit me, especially if I have my own ideas so, it would be great if there is the option to have some kind of like alread made uh story but um, if I really want to direct a game 

Speaker 3  (03:12)
I feel like I would also have some kind of concept that I want to follow. 

Speaker 2  (03:17)
Hmm, ya similar. I would like to have a world in which I could my game place a bit and rely on, but I would like to think of it by myself cause I love inventing stories and I think it would be one of the best parts for me, uh, yeah. 

Speaker 1  (03:40)
Okay. Um, so imagine you did run your own game. How would you approach keeping track of it storywise, we're not going to talk about rules um for now, but just the story, the characters, the places. 

Speaker 1  (03:56)
Um, taking notes, how would you keep track of that, as you run the game with your players? 

Speaker 3  (04:03)
I will have some kind of sheet for every character just to like, keep track of everything that's like important for them. Hm, if like I'm planning ahead at might like do a mindmap or something just to visualize everything that's happening, or maybe even like some kind of storyboard, I guess 

Speaker 2  (04:25)
Um, yeah, I would try to get the character sheets and write down the important information from myself and I would try to write a bit, what has happened and what shall happened and then it is always possible too that they're slightly yeah, that it doesn't happened and yeah, no, but think [unintelligible] 

Speaker 1  (04:59)
Okay so and what tools do you know that you would use for this? 

Speaker 3  (05:05)
Mm. Well, lately I've just got used to my iPad so I'd probably just like open my GoodNotes, good notes yeah, yeah, and have a folder for everything but I can also imagine making it ob paper and it's just like kind of like having all the things spreaded out everywhere and just like okay, this connects to this, this connects to this. 

Speaker 1  (05:27)
Okay. 

Speaker 3  (05:28)
But it probably like became it would become like rather [german] chaotic very quickly 

Speaker 2  (05:37)
Yeah I would quite surely use GoodNote uh I use it for everything nearly. 

Speaker 1  (05:43)
Yeah, okay, and to finish up the general questions. Do you feel like it's too hard to direct the game for you to start doing it? 

Speaker 3  (05:54)
Um, as of this moment yes. 

Speaker 1  (05:57)
But if you had more experience? 

Speaker 3  (05:59)
If I had more time and more experienced, yes, and I think it'd be possible. 

Speaker 1  (06:04)
But you say it, you would need quite a lot of time for it probably. Okay. 

Speaker 2  (06:11)
Hmm, I think in the beginning, it would need take me a lot of time and looking things up something like that and that would mean that I need a rather. Um, yeah, party and group so, but I think when I have done it a few times I would could become quite quickly with that. 

Speaker 1  (06:39)
Okay, very good, so that concludes the 
