
Speaker 1  (00:00)
Starting the recording and yeah, for the start, just navigate to the Games and Then Just Kind of get A Feel of What You Can Do and then we'll get into more specific things and um I um ask you to, uh, speak with me and just tell me um, whatever you're thinking right now. 

Speaker 2  (00:28)
Well we went to the games and went, opened a tab that's called new game one. And there's a description, it seems quite interesting we have an Overview of the game umm, which seems like, quite, that has a good structure I would say, but I'm not so sure what, uh, I would write there myself. 

Speaker 1  (01:07)
Even if you're thinking, um, please try to speak up. 

Speaker 2  (01:17)
Yeah, it's just like a lot of text for now and like I'm not quite sure what I would put in the overview and it probably is rather helpful but as I said, I'm just unsure what it is the what I'd put here. 

Speaker 3  (01:33)
I think they can the game master, make notes what you what happens and such? Yeah, yeah, [unintelligible], yeah 

Speaker 1  (01:49)
Do you want to keep looking around or do you want me to start giving you the tasks? 

Speaker 2  (01:54)
No problems, um I'd look a bit more. Oh, there's the locations and there are a lot of locations that we could have. Um, here's a good overview 

Speaker 2  (02:12)
I think of those. I think you can tell huh, you can just like erm, say if the location is somehow important, if the characters know it already or if it's just like something that you plan on getting your characters. at. Yeah, oh, that's good, the connections are like a really helpful 

Speaker 2  (02:41)
I think, especially if you want to look at something quickly and just don't remember something, I'd probably just have to keep a lot of track throughout the game and just keep on doing those notes and everything, that could be a lot of work in the beginning. Just like to do all those steps quickly. 

Speaker 1  (03:02)
Okay, great. So I'm going to give you some some some tasks now, so, um, first of all, I would like you to leave, um, this page, go back to all your games and now we're looking at the scenario of we're a player in at someone else's table, for example, you are player in my game. 

Speaker 1  (03:28)
So you want to join my game. Please join a new game. Try to um, try to like, tell me what you're doing um, while you're doing it even if it seems obvious, but later in the in the voice recording, I won't know which you were clicking on anymore so. 

Speaker 3  (03:50)
So we go to the plus button and then we had 2 alternatives to join or to create a game and we go to join and now we would had have to and give in an invite code. 

Speaker 2  (04:09)
Yeah, or we could use QR code to get into the game as well. 

Speaker 1  (04:15)
So imagine you had an invite code. I gave you a code so please join the game. 

Speaker 3  (04:21)
Excactly next to it, we is the button with join, and I think we would just enter the code, and then we're going to join, yeah. 

Speaker 2  (04:35)
So there's some kind of information hmm oh well some kind of general informations like it's a new game like we got invited and we're just like, like we shouldn't share private information like my address or phone number or other things with other players just for our safety, I guess and yeah, and it's just um there's also [unintelligible] yes our profile is gonna be like available for other players. 

Speaker 3  (05:12)
And then we have two buttons with confirm and cancel and I now go just um confirm 

Speaker 1  (05:19)
You don't have to read out everything if you if you don't want to to do that, but thank you for 

Speaker 2  (05:27)
What would you mean by Ah, like? We have multiple heroes that we can play with , with this part 

Speaker 1  (05:36)
[unintelligible] I don't know you tell me, you tell me what you think. 

Speaker 2  (05:39)
um, at the first I thought like those are other players, maybe like that, we can join in a quest or something that was like my first thought but it's probably like our own heros that we can like choose one from which we can play the game with. 

Speaker 3  (05:58)
I just choose, choose one and click them on and go on, select and join. 

Speaker 1  (06:08)
Very good, very well, you joined my game. So you can you can take a look around here, but ultimately, I would like you to show me one of the quests that I prepared for you in this game. 

Speaker 2  (06:28)
Uh, huh so I'd probably just like look around a bit until I'll find a point with quests on it. Um, yeah, it's sort of easy to find because it's the same system that you had with all the other parts of the game like when making a hero and stuff. 

Speaker 1  (06:46)
So can you show me one of, one of the quests? 

Speaker 2  (06:55)
So we have a lot of informations like if you're already doing the quest, I think, what the quest is itself the most important things that you have to know about it, I think. 

Speaker 1  (07:07)
Hmh, so can you lead me to like an NPC, a character that is related to this quest? Very well, very quick. Good um, so I think, uh, you understood that quite quite well already. Um, so now please show me the hero that you joined this game with 

Speaker 3  (07:45)
Here, my players name, then here's my hero. 

Speaker 1  (07:49)
Very well, very good, um, and 

Speaker 2  (07:53)
Yeah, can I ask one thing? yes, like when we went 

Speaker 1  (07:56)
Mm, yeah, the back button confuses you. 

Speaker 2  (07:59)
Yeah that's not what I meant. 

Speaker 1  (08:01)
It didn't go where you wanted it to did it, expected it to go back to somewhere else. Yeah, no, that's fine, that's a good that's a good observation. I knew that was going to happen, yeah, now get back to your back to your player game. 

Speaker 2  (08:19)
It's like a player games and yeah, player game okay, um, what I meant to ask is like when we went to quests, and just like to the NPC name, it just goes to NPCs. So like when we go back like we don't go back the quests and we have to search it out again. 

Speaker 1  (08:36)
Try to go back 

Speaker 2  (08:39)
Okay, but.. maybe.. 

Speaker 1  (08:43)
What? No, please tell me. 

Speaker 2  (08:45)
I'm just confused that um, just just change just like I thought that maybe some kind of like smaller, like info could pop-up or like. That fine as well, I just thought that when we go back that we can, it's sort of be like different. 

Speaker 2  (09:00)
It's fine like this as well I just didn't expect it. 

Speaker 1  (09:04)
No, that's that's very interesting. That's very good. Um, why didn't you expect it? 

Speaker 2  (09:11)
Um, just I think that I'm used to games that have like and if you click on something then like, uh, another screen basically pops up, and like if I'm done reading, I just like click on the "X" and just and it's still back like at this part. 

Speaker 1  (09:30)
Now, could you, could you could you imagine, so, if the npc is connected to this quest you want to look at the npc, right? So look at the npc, now this NPC might be connected to other things as well, so would it keep getting smaller or how would you? 

Speaker 1  (09:49)
How would you expect that to happen? Um, I'm not challenging you, I'm just, I'm asking. 

Speaker 2  (09:55)
Probably expected some of more infoes that I could like. Probably click on the NPC like over the small window. I can like click on the name of NPC as well and just like go to that profile, I just imagine like a step between those two things? 

Speaker 1  (10:16)
So maybe like a little window opening, this is the NPC, and then you can go to the NPC with an extra step? If you go back to the quest that you were at, can you imagine if here where it says relation, for example, if maybe this as a quest and then here's a um, an NPC and this says "Needs to be saved" for example, do you think that would be enough, or would you still like an extra step in there? 

Speaker 1  (10:45)
Where you can look at more about this npc. 

Speaker 2  (10:49)
Uhm well NPCs are like not that important so it's like probably seems like that's enough for me to know, especially if I'm like, in the game. And I just by the name, I know who it is. I'm like, yeah, you just know what's happening um, I think it'll be enough. 

Speaker 1  (11:10)
Okay right, let's um, let's leave that behind, and then for the last part of a player testing, leave this game forever forever. 

Speaker 2  (11:21)
Here, and then.. here that should do it. 

Speaker 1  (11:32)
Well, do it, you cancelled it. 

Speaker 2  (11:38)
You know? Oh 

Speaker 3  (11:43)
Yeah, it was. I just thought cancel the game or something like that. It was my 

Speaker 1  (11:51)
Do you think the wording there is sub optimal? 

Speaker 2  (11:56)
No 

Speaker 3  (11:58)
It was just that I hadn't read it, we just 

Speaker 2  (12:02)
Just like we left the game forever, but it's still there 

Speaker 1  (12:06)
Yes, because that prototype can not actually remember what you did. Um, so, you did you did that, That's great, okay, good. 

Speaker 1  (12:15)
Um, now I have some questions for you. So first of all how did the process of joining a game feel to you 

Speaker 2  (12:21)
Really easy. It makes sense just like we've basically every app you have the same symbol and usually the same place were it is so it feels like rather natural once you go there and just follow whatever it advises  to you to do and just like pops up. 

Speaker 1  (12:39)
Umm, if you agree with this then, you don't have to, but if you disagree, then share, share your thoughts. Um, when it comes to the information um in the player like in the game view. Um, are you satisfied with the amount of information that is shared with you so the locations quests and NPCs, or was it too much? 

Speaker 2  (13:08)
I don't think it's too much especially since it's like not all in one place like it's not like you have to scroll forever to get there and just okay, I want to focus on this or I want to focus on this. It's a bit so it's like you have a really good overview of everything, I'm not sure what exactly has to go in all the places, and if it's enough space to have like. 

Speaker 2  (13:32)
Enough informations especially like what's happening in the game just like like when you have like the backside of a book and you have like small thing if that's enough like what should fit in there, but it probably.. I there like some kind of limit to the characters that you can have in those parts? 

Speaker 1  (13:59)
Should there be one? 

Speaker 2  (14:01)
I mean like, a whole book would be too much but like I don't know. I feel like erm, there is some part like at some point 

Speaker 2  (14:12)
It's going to be like too much, but 

Speaker 1  (14:15)
So as a player, if, for example, one of the, if we're looking at this game, one of the characters could be Quintus, little boy that we met last time. Would you like to read an entire, like chapter about him or just to keep track and remember who he is and maybe what's his relation to you, would this suffice, would this be enough? 

Speaker 3  (14:37)
I would want to say something I think firstly, there should be a short description, I don't know, not much, something I can read in a minute and then when I want knew more, I can downscroll and go on a bottom with more information and then they can come these informations. 

Speaker 2  (14:59)
I do agree with that, I just think that um, that it would be rather interesting, but I do think that I probably wouldn't use like the longer chapter because if I was going to do that to everything that I find the game, it's just gonna be, like I'm going to spend a lot of time on that. 

Speaker 1  (15:18)
Um, would you like to be able to take like personal notes for yourself for this character, or would you um? This wasn't there when we tested it last time, but there is a note section in your character sheet as well, would rather maybe use those that like note section to write down your personal thoughts about a character? 

Speaker 2  (15:41)
I'd probably use it but I feel like I would also just not write down everything so I think it'd be quite handy as well just to have like something that's already there that I can just access 

Speaker 3  (15:54)
Hmm, yeah, I think it's practical in itself, but I wouldn't use it. I would do something extern because to go out of the game and then on something somewhere else think I would do it, I think I would like to have two things and make it at the same moment. 

Speaker 1  (16:19)
Umm, where was I at? Lastly as a player, how would you feel if you're game director in this case, for example, me, was able to edit your hero through 

Speaker 1  (16:38)
um through the app, the one that you joined with. 

Speaker 2  (16:41)
That's depends, like yeah, is my hero just edited for this one game or is it just like edited completely. And do, if it is edited, do I have like some kind of backup and where I can see what exactly is changed. Hm and I feel like it depends what's going to change because at some point 

Speaker 2  (17:04)
I don't really care as much but I feel like It would be rather bad if suddenly I don't have some kind of competency competency. And in the game I'm just like, oh yeah, I can do that and the game master is like, no you can't, I left it out especially for you. 

Speaker 1  (17:28)
So maybe would you would you rather um, actually edit your hero when you meet to in person when we're here and have me help you change things instead of just changing it and not telling you about it. 

Speaker 2  (17:43)
And as long as you tell me about it and I'm fine it that's all great 

Speaker 3  (17:51)
Yeah, um, I think it's normal that the game maste is the master of the game and can change things. But I think it would feel a bit, um, unnormal, when I just have other information or something so I would like the game master to speak with me before. 

Speaker 2  (18:19)
Okay, I feel like there should be some parts the game master can't change like, for example, if my character like if he changes my name, then I'm like, why can't I find my character anywhere at all? That wouldn't be that much fun, I think. Or like if you would delete everything that could be great either. 

Speaker 2  (18:42)
I feel like some kind of things should be like, um, permanent. Um, because if you want to just change everything you can just create in the Hero I think. 

Speaker 1  (18:53)
Right very well, um, that concludes that part now, we want to take a look at the game director side of the game. So, um, imagine you have thought about your own game that you want to run. For example with us and you wanna um, create that in in this app so, um, please create a new game 

Speaker 3  (19:25)
Yeah, then we go, on plus a now on create create umm. 

Speaker 2  (19:36)
Um I think we can't change that. Cool, we can edit a lot of stuff. It's the same as with a um game that we joined, it's just like empty I guess so like 

Speaker 1  (19:59)
I would be empty, I filled, I filled it with enough for you already for so you can see stuff so, but uh, yes, it would be empty, okay. 

Speaker 2  (20:09)
The [unintelligible] has like the same concept so. 

Speaker 1  (20:13)
Now, um, you're already looking around at the little things that you can do there, so how about you edit and existing NPC? 

Speaker 2  (20:32)
Yeah, I don't know if I clicked on like three buttons or if I clicked on the whole thing? 

Speaker 1  (20:38)
I was, I was confused about the same thing uh because I think you tried to click the 3 buttons but it didn't do anything, yeah, it would have. It would have opened a little menu or could say edit or delete and then editing would have brought to the same same thing yes. Okay, good yep. You've found the place um. 

Speaker 1  (21:00)
Now you can take notes as uh, like when we like look around the objects you've seen how it is different, maybe from the view you had as a player. 

Speaker 2  (21:13)
Like this button is different like I can.. Just a question if I delete a game, do all the players that I, that joined with their heroes are also deleted like the hero that they joined with gets deleted? 

Speaker 1  (21:29)
well I will ask you to delete the game later, but you can also just click on it and see. 

Speaker 2  (21:34)
But that doesn't really answer my question. 

Speaker 1  (21:36)
Maybe it does. Just try. 

Speaker 2  (21:48)
No, it doesn't. I'm sorry I don't feel like it answers my questions like um, the players will get removed. uuh with the object that they've got in this game err will be destroyed, but like the hero okay, I'm just slow at reading. 

Speaker 1  (22:12)
No no, this is fine. I'm asking you to do it yourself because if you didn't have me if this if you downloaded this app, you wouldn't have me to ask so, um, it's important to me to know if the if the app provides you with enough information to answer those kinds of questions. 

Speaker 2  (22:30)
I feel like the like this sentence of the player heroe and the referenced library object will remain unaffected is like like, player heroes? I got confused with like those two words like it. I feel like the heroes of the players would be like like it makes more sense to me and this just confusing me a bit 

Speaker 1  (22:55)
So the language should be a little easier to understand. 

Speaker 2  (22:59)
Yeah a little bit. 

Speaker 1  (23:00)
All right, um, let's try to go back and um, please show me how you would edit your personal notes on a quest. 

Speaker 2  (23:13)
There's quests. Um, we tried to click those 3 dots which doesn't work. 

Speaker 1  (23:27)
It's, that's fine, it's it's not a completely functional prototype. 

Speaker 2  (23:32)
But we can like edit the connections so that would technically we're taking notes. 

Speaker 1  (23:40)
I'm asking you to edit your Game Director notes well for the maybe, maybe we should start somewhere else. I think we should start to find your game director notes on this quest. 

Speaker 2  (23:59)
On this quest, I don't think that's it um. 

Speaker 1  (24:21)
I don't know what this doesn't work, it should do something, but you can also click wait, okay, now I did whatever you'll just we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll get back there. Okay you found your notes and you edited them. um, you didn't see this part. You scroll past that. Why do you think you scrolled past it? 

Speaker 2  (24:46)
Well it's called a journal and like I feel like um, my notes are my notes and not something that should be this openly presented in the game um. 

Speaker 1  (25:03)
Did you notice that as a player you were not able to see this 

Speaker 2  (25:08)
But we did have some kind of like like this part, like there was something like maybe not with a quest, but some point there was like simply that had the same structure. 

Speaker 1  (25:21)
Go back to to check and show me what you mean. Okay that was weird, I don't know what happened there. 

Speaker 2  (25:37)
Okay um, we were here and there's... Okay, there isn't anything but um, like with the gen... No hello okay, so apparently I imagined something, but that's fine. 

Speaker 1  (26:02)
Hahah just had hallucinations? No, it's it's fine, no, no don't worry, it's not. It's not your fault, I didn't want to like embarrass you. 

Speaker 1  (26:12)
I just wanted to know um what you were referring to. 

Speaker 2  (26:21)
I mean, I really feel like a hallucinated, something 

Speaker 1  (26:24)
Maybe you were looking at the overview, maybe that's what you're talking about. 

Speaker 2  (26:27)
Maybe that could be true, but like it felt like there was some part of we had like the new game some kind of texts and them it was like this part um of it. 

Speaker 1  (26:39)
Well, maybe, maybe you'd looked at this earlier uhm and you didn't realise that you were already in the, so this is the game director view when you entered the game earlier, you entered this the same thing, so maybe that's that. But let's uh, take that confusion aside. So now that you know this and understood that how do you feel about the game director's journal there? 

Speaker 2  (27:18)
Well, umm again have some kind of structure don't change like I feel like the changing the directors like here we have like the um, like it's called a journal and when you like open it it says like game object. 

Speaker 1  (27:42)
Yes, it would say the name of the quest or location or whatever, um, yeah. 

Speaker 3  (27:50)
I find it a bit irritating. I think if I would, if there could be the place, there would write down all my information, I would want to have more sections for the different players, on which I could choose, because I think when I would really play something it would be quite yeah, and 

Speaker 2  (28:20)
Yeah, I feel like um, this is just like text, just feel like in the game, if I, If I like if I want to look at my notes, it probably wouldn't want to write whole paragraphs just to understand what's happening and just like, try to take quick notes and again, I'd probably just go to my mindmap or like just some short sentences that don't really, aren't like a text but like points. 

Speaker 2  (28:49)
[unintelligible] 

Speaker 1  (28:52)
Hey, I completely agree, and this is why maybe this display of text is a bad example because if you click on edit. This will support it says in the text. I cannot exit that there. 

Speaker 2  (29:07)
Oh so this part is part of the game, it's not like 

Speaker 1  (29:09)
Yes, it's not part of the keyboard! Um, so it says in the text there, because I just I didn't want to um, maybe maybe I should've done that. Um, so you can do use headlines tightly. You know, like titles, [German], you can format your texts. 

Speaker 1  (29:28)
You can link objects you can use these like quotation marks to create these like coloured things, and you can also do lists and tables. So it's like rich text, you can you can structure it however, you want, you can write as much as you want. 

Speaker 1  (29:43)
You can do headlines as many you want. 

Speaker 3  (29:46)
Then I think it would be fine. 

Speaker 1  (29:48)
Okay. 

Speaker 2  (29:50)
Yeah, still like I don't want to be doing it on my phone I feel like it's very uncomfortable just like seeing everything and just like like I don't know like 

Speaker 1  (30:04)
It's not functional. 

Speaker 2  (30:06)
I'm still, unsure I'd imagine if I like doing it on my phone and take it place everything correctly quickly, yeah. 

Speaker 1  (30:15)
Right now let's try to move on so we can still play later. Um, so let's quickly change the connections that a location has 

Speaker 2  (30:27)
So we go back. 

Speaker 1  (30:30)
Yeah, I don't know why it does that just do it again. 

Speaker 2  (30:34)
Um, what were we supposed to do?. 

Speaker 1  (30:36)
Change the connections of location. 

Speaker 2  (30:39)
Yeah so we can edit the connections and. 

Speaker 1  (30:51)
Let me just quickly turn off the screen thing that just turned on. 

Speaker 2  (30:59)
Um, yeah, yeah, we can just edit it. 

Speaker 1  (31:04)
Yep, very well and then um, can you please make a creature visible to your players? 

Speaker 2  (31:13)
Go to creatures. And we click.. uhm. visible? But I don't do.. oh right, now. 

Speaker 1  (31:25)
Okay, you would have liked to be able to click the symbol on the? 

Speaker 2  (31:28)
Yeah, yeah, I mean if yeah, I feel like I could even like click on the dots make it yeah. 

Speaker 1  (31:35)
Yeah, now you should yeah. 

Speaker 2  (31:37)
Oh, like since it's already like there, I feel like if you can just click on it quickly that would be fun too. 

Speaker 3  (31:44)
Yeah, but I think when you edit it, you thought- think about it more and it's not just you decide shortly that you switch it. 

Speaker 2  (31:53)
Yeah and I also feel like it was, if I were able to do it here, I'd probably just do it by mistake a lot of time. 

Speaker 1  (32:05)
Okay. So change an organisation's status to disbanded. Disband one of your organisations. Very well, you found that very easily. Okay, erm, now, please, uh, add a quest. 

Speaker 2  (32:27)
We go to quests. And we add one. 

Speaker 1  (32:36)
So you, I mean you were searching for like a button somewhere else, but you immediately clicked on the thing, does that make sense? Cuz what you mentioned earlier that everything is kind of like the same so the button on the top- on the bottom left- uhh bottom right? 

Speaker 2  (32:52)
Yeah but I just feel like the symbol isn't quite the right one. 

Speaker 1  (32:56)
Should be a different icon? 

Speaker 3  (32:58)
Maybe a plus, because and it's logical that you can add things, but I think you can do other things too that means it wouldn't really make sense. 

Speaker 1  (33:10)
Okay. Maybe would you think if you got used to it? You did it once maybe then you would find it easier? Yeah. Okay and then um, please delete an NPC. Again this would totally work 

Speaker 2  (33:28)
So edit them, there we can also... okay, I don't quite get that mm Mayra? 

Speaker 3  (33:49)
I think we could give the NPC objects or change something of this. 

Speaker 1  (34:00)
I guess I think it's just like my wording when I, when I say game object, I'm, I'm referring to any of any of these things is just a generic name for it for any of that, but it's interesting that it's confusing to me- uh to you, so you would. You would expect this to like add something to this NPC? 

Speaker 1  (34:17)
Yes, okay. It's not what it's supposed to do, but I get why you get that impression. 

Speaker 2  (34:24)
We could [unintelligible] now when we go to edit. 

Speaker 1  (34:27)
Great. Good um, now, um, your game is no fun without friends, so invite a player. 

Speaker 2  (35:01)
I feel like I'd go... no. Maybe here. Hmm, no that's like rather sorting everything and not... 

Speaker 1  (35:16)
Those don't work, only the first two work. Uh that probably from the app itself. 

Speaker 2  (35:37)
No.. Oh we can invite a player when we go to players 

Speaker 1  (35:43)
Was that too hard to find, or do you think maybe you're just 

Speaker 2  (35:47)
Uhm 

Speaker 1  (35:50)
kind of too tired of this design. 

Speaker 2  (35:53)
I feel like I would have expected something else just like I would have respected if I can like click on the general game and then invite a player or where we have like the option to delete the game, I think? Like right here. Hmm, erm, because like well, it does make sense that it's with players, but it's just felt like players that are already there and 

Speaker 2  (36:21)
I just, when I see the point of general, I don't necessarily quite think of players in the first thought, but I think if we're used like going to general having like the parts of info and players, probably wouldn't be a problem at all. 

Speaker 1  (36:39)
So now while we're talking about players, one of your friends left the table, so please remove a player. 

Speaker 3  (36:48)
Oh mm, yeah, yeah. 

Speaker 1  (36:51)
Yeah, it's not supposed to happen, it's 

Speaker 3  (36:57)
I saw it in that moment. 

Speaker 2  (36:59)
Yeah I saw that you saw it before you clicked. 

Speaker 1  (37:03)
Great, thank you and for the last kind of step delete the game forever. Alright and I know it's still there, but pretend that it's deleted. Very, very well, very good, great. So now I'm going to ask you just a few questions and then let's wrap this up so how did the process of creating a game feel to you, creating it? 

Speaker 2  (37:35)
Just like clicking the button create was easy. I feel like if I were to fill out everything that'd be rather difficult. 

Speaker 1  (37:42)
Difficult or time consuming? 

Speaker 2  (37:44)
Time consuming and I probably wouldn't be sure what I would write? Maybe, um I would find out by playing the game, which isn't really there yet um, but like, yeah, I probably just need some kind of um, instructions or maybe like one game that I can rely on and just like, look, okay 

Speaker 2  (38:06)
that's what's written there, so I can create something like that. 

Speaker 1  (38:09)
Um, for example maybe if you had a place to use like a template of an already existing adventure? Yeah? Mhm. 

Speaker 3  (38:20)
I think my thoughts here are I wouldn't do it with a phone I would like to do with my iPad cause there I have a keyboard. 

Speaker 1  (38:27)
Keyboard? 

Speaker 3  (38:29)
Yeah, and I think with a little keyboard, it would be quite 

Speaker 2  (38:36)
We're such iPad kids 

Speaker 1  (38:38)
Yeah, so you'd rather like write uh, with a bigger screen, that's fine. As the game director would you like to be able to edit your player's heroes like putting inventory in there? 

Speaker 2  (38:51)
At this moment, I don't reallyhave a reason why I should do it I think. Just because if I want something that the players are like, if I'm not fine with something then I would talk about it to the player and just make sure that they change it or if I have some kind of plan that I Um don't want them to know about then it would 

Speaker 2  (39:14)
be cool, if I could change, I would be like a big surprise but it probably would be very annoying for them. 

Speaker 1  (39:20)
Okay, so probably not? No. As the game director did you feel like you have control over your game and your story, like NPCs and locations? Yeah. Did you feel like it would be easy to make an irreversible mistake like deleting something? 

Speaker 3  (39:40)
No there was always, we always had to confirm it again before it was gone 

Speaker 1  (39:48)
Okay. Umm, that the status change of the game objects like locations and npcs makes sense to you like you changed an organisation's status to disbanded? 

Speaker 2  (40:02)
Yeah I think so, like I don't remember all the options that were there but, um, for me it makes sense, I think. 

Speaker 1  (40:17)
So there's actually also different statuses for each object, so this one can disband and the NPC could die, for example, um like quintus could [speaker 2: not quintus!] haha you're so sad like no, NPC don't die, Quintus can't die. Okay, um, how do you feel about using this app when it is, you know done, it looks a little nicer, to track your game? 

Speaker 1  (40:44)
To organise and track your game if you did one. 

Speaker 2  (40:48)
Well if there are those options that I can like edit and write it I find pleasant in the way that I can know where what's at and uh, I can do it quickly and then yeah, I think so. 

Speaker 1  (41:04)
It was really a bit harder because it was kind of like already done for you. But if you did everything yourself, you would know where everything is yeah, um you feel the same? 

Speaker 2  (41:15)
No, yeah. 

Speaker 1  (41:17)
And [unintelligible], so after after seeing this, how do you feel about directing your own game? Do you feel like it's an easier challenge with a tool like this? 

Speaker 3  (41:31)
Yeah, but I would want to play It first. 

Speaker 2  (41:39)
Um, I'm a little like not really familiar with like apps that are supposed to help me or I'm not really for it, so I usually find it easier to like something do something myself from scratch. This overv-, this is definitely helpful, especially if there's like some kind of opening notes like what to put where? I think it would be great. 

Speaker 1  (42:06)
Like a little tutorial, maybe in the beginning that leads you through it and then you know where everything is. Okay great and then maybe one last question is uhm how well did you go along with the design? I've changed a few things, taking your feedback from last time. Did you notice a difference? 

Speaker 1  (42:28)
No okay, um, how did you feel about the amount of icons? 

Speaker 3  (42:35)
I find it good. I think think it's quite makes it [German word for clear]. 

Speaker 1  (42:42)
I actually don't know how to translate that right now as well, that's fine. 

Speaker 2  (42:47)
I feel like there are a lot of icons like, of course, we have like the pen, like the most used ones which are obvious and very definitely helpful and make things easier I think. Um, I don't know if you could add more or if it even makes sense to add more, okay. 

Speaker 1  (43:05)
So you're satisfied with the amount? Good. Um, and then was the text large enough to read? Yes. Good, thank you. That concludes this one. 
